The Power of 10 by NASA
1) Simple Control Flow
	a. Do not use:
		- goto statements
		- setjmp constructs
		- longjmp constructs
		- recursion
	b. Benifits
		- Simpler control flow translates into stronger capabilities for analysis and often results in improved code clarity
		- Avoiding recurion results in an acyclic function call graph which code analyzers can exploit to prove the limits on stack use
		  and boundedness of executions
			- Definition: acyclic - a call graph where we can't start at a node, follow a series of edges and end up back at the
			  						same node that we started at
		- Single points of returns are not required by this rule, but can simplify the code
2) Give all loops an upper bound
	a. It must be trivially possible for a tool to prove that a loop cannot exceed a preset number of iterations
	b. Benifits
		- This prevents runaway code
	c. Exception
		- This does not apply to loops that are meant to be nonterminating (ie a process scheduler). In these cases the reverse rule
		  is applied. It should be possible for a tool to prove statically that the loop cannot terminate.
3) Do Not use Dynamic Memory allocation afer initialization
	a. Memory allocators and garbage collection can have unpredictable behavior and can impact performance
	b. There are a lot of errors related to not freeing memory after it is done being used
	c. Benifits
		- Forcing applications to always have the same memory size eliminates a lot of the errors described above
		- It also makes it possible to determine if the application always lives within its resource limits
4) No function should be longer than what can be printed on a single piece of paper. This basically translates to limiting a function
   to 60 lines.
   	a. Functions are meant to be a logical unit that is easily understandable and verifiable.
   	b. Functions which grow too large are often the result of poorly structured code
5) The codes' assertion density should average to minimally two assertions per functions.
	a. Assertions must be used to check for anomalous conditions that should never happen
	b. Assertions must be side-effect free and should be defined as boolean tests. When one fails, an explicit recovery action must be taken
	   such as returning an error condition to the caller
	c. Benifits
		- Statistics show that unit tests find one defect per 10 to 100 lines of code. The odds of finding defects increase significantly with
		  increasing assertion density
		- Assertions should be used defensively. In particular they should be used to very pre and post conditions of functions, parameter values,
		  return values and loop invariants.
		- Since these assertions are side-effect free. They can be disabled after testing in performance critical code
6) Declare alll data objects at the smallest possible level of scope
	a. Basically this is data hiding/data encapsulation.
	b. Reducing how many things can interact with the data object makes debugging easier.
7) Each calling function must check the return value of nonvoid functions and each function must check the validity of all parameters provided by the
   caller.
   	a. This rule is the most frequently violated.
   	b. In some cases it may be acceptable to cast a return value to void such as with printf(), but a comment should be left explaining why that is ok.
   	c. Otherwise return values should always be checked to ensure an error was not detected
8) Limit the use of the preprocessor
	a. Only allow the inclusion of header files and simple macro definitions. 
	b. Token pasting, variable argument lists (ellipses) and recursive macrio calls are not allowed
	c. Preprocessor macros can make the code more complexity and harder to reader
	c. Benifits
		- increased code clarity
9) Restrict the use of pointers. No more than one level of dereferencing. No use of function pointers.
	a. Pointer dereferences should not be used within macros or typedefs
	b. Benifits
		- Reduces errors due to pointers being misused. This is often the case even by experianced programmers
		- Increases the ability for tools to analyze code. Static Analyzers do not work well with function pointers.
10) All code must be compiled from the first day of development. 
	a. All compiler warnings enabled at the most pedantic settings.
	b. All code must compile without warnings
	c. Use at least one strong static analyzer
	d. Code should pass with 0 Static Analysis warnings
		- Even erronoeuos errors should be resolved since it is highly likely that if the tool was confused then the code itself was confused. 